Oh
one constant has been team
Amanda Scripture now Amanda Robertson
reason
sat down clear with our man
i'm here with amanda scripture captain
of Team USA and you've been a part of
this event for all five years back in
2009 you were the first cheerleader to
apply for Team USA why did you think it
was so important to not just be a part
of the squad but also be a part of the
event well I served on gymnastics from
do gymnastics for 18 years as a gymnast
you always want to go to the Olympics
that's your dream when that didn't
happen for me i switch to cheerleading
and came across this opportunity to
represent the United States in the
worlds of cheerleading for the first
time so it's something I had to be a
part of well this is your fifth year
you've been capped in all five years how
have you seen this event change over
time well the first year there was 50
countries here and that in itself is
amazing and then from them to now if
there's 70 something countries here and
the talent among those countries has
grown so much and to see some small
nations like Jamaica has a team here and
they're just excited to be here and it
doesn't matter how well they do that's
pretty cool
look this is your fifth and final year
I'm sure you've have made some amazing
memories do you have a favorite well
each year my favorite memory is the
cultural exchange because you get to
interact with everybody you're all
dancing together and trading pendants
and that's definitely what this
competition is about well thank you so
much and good luck to Team USA thank you
tribute to success Team USA to one
individual remain the scripture now
Robertson has been a
they got pushed by
didn't have a perfect routine no way
you
scales
whoa
little baby
that middle way
top
does my stunt group when they have
together
even the burning
that really makes the difference with
this team
i think the lesson for you
goose down man
cheering since they were five years old
we watch their technique
some fly
to be cold
two men cubies
and the rewind
pretty good for Team USA after that
performance go next